These paragraphs were originally in the "text_renderer_pixelize.glsl" include. So read it like it's still in there.
You may be wondering why I have an entire pixelation shader instead of just simply sampling the texcoord at a floored position.
This is because you get very ugly gaps in lines, and that's bad for what I'm trying to do here. By only allowing these 8x8 pixels
to be black if there are 40+ pixels in the area that are black, you can get nice continuations of lines. However, this requires
you to loop through 64 pixels for each pixel on the screen, which is obviously pretty costly. I don't know how to mitigate this,
at least using Minecraft Vanilla's shaders system. So sorry if it lags.

Another thing that might seem weird is the `int id = int(dot(pixelColor, vec3(1.0, 2.0, 3.0)));` calculation that is found in both
this shader and the ascii.fsh shader. The formula doesn't actually mean anything, it was just a nice way to avoid looping or making
lots of if statements or switch cases. It works by mapping the r, g, and b channels to the numbers 1 through 3 respectively. Then, it
adds all the mapped values together (ex: because purple is 1 r and 1 b, it can be id'd as 4 because 1 + 3 = 4). 

Also ik i can just use one color channel to represent every possible thing, but I'm just not gonna do that just bc. And ik there are so many
optimizations that can be done, but I'm very tired with making this pack. I started doing this a long long time ago when I was very inexperienced
with shaders, so now that I can see all my mistakes I'm very overwhelmed. I've been trying to add respackopts support to this for so long and i
figured out that it was an issue with respackopts and not me, so i'm just not going to support it. i am finally free from this project </3


And this was written long after that, when I'm making it easier for me to update the pack.
I'm so so so sorry this isn't well optimized, and there's a lot of pointless things. This pack was never meant to be something that I worked on
more than one time, and now I'm keeping it updated since a lot of people seemed to like it. However, I still don't really care about the pack well
enough to optimize it a lot. And I'm already tired of having to work on the pack so much. So I'm very sorry that it isn't perfect, it's mostly meant
to just be a proof of concept